A Costco-sized bag of Jelly Babies.
A Doctor Who body pillow.
A GUITARDIS
A Rusty Cyberman
A Sonic Screwdriver stuck on the vibrate setting.
A Vashta Nerada that just wants a hug.
A bigger, bluer TARDIS.
A blinged out TARDIS blasting dubstep when it is traveling.
A fez caked with semen.
A furry writing BAD WOLF everywhere.
A global simulcast that forces Whovians to see the sunlight for the first time in ages.
A kid in a gas mask asking if you are his mummy.
A shitty Doctor Who knock-knock joke.
Air from my lungs.
An Ood getting a starring role in a hentai.
An acid rain shower on Skaro.
Being used as a plot device by Steven Moffat.
Captain Jack Harkness.
Christopher Eccleston.
Companion Porn.
Dalek porn.
David Tennant.
Davros getting up on the wrong side of the bed.
Drunkenly drawing tally marks on your face.
Eggs.
Fapping to Billie Piper portraying a callgirl.
Fifty years of fanfic.
Finding Autons oddly attractive.
Fish fingering your custard.
Fondling a Dalek's slippery bits.
Getting so much plastic surgery you have to be framed and moisturized.
Glenn Beck convulsively puking as a brood of Daleks swarm in on him.
Just now realizing Torchwood is an anagram of Doctor Who
K-9 humping your leg.
Kidnapping a barely-legal woman to time travel with.
Low-budget special effects.
Matt Smith.
Opening the door of the TARDIS and leaving a deuce in the time-space continuum.
Plot holes so wide you could drive a truck through them.
Pouting in a rain storm and having to take a wicked piss.
Quitting this panel after one round because you are afraid of getting typecast.
River Song.
Robot Anne Robinson.
Rose Tyler's teeth.
Sharing a public restroom with a Weeping Angel
Siltheen farts.
Sixteen feet of scarf bondage.
Slipping her the ol' plastic Mickey.
Smoking 1,000 cigarettes, just so you can sound like a Dalek when you talk.
Sorry, this answer is only available in the fanfic version of Cards against Con.
Steven Moffatt taking a big old dump in your Cheerios.
THE END OF TIME ITSELF!
Taking a Doctor Poo.
The Celestial Toymaker's plaything.
The Doctor going back in time to solve a REAL problem: Twilight.
The Doctor having a chance encounter with a couple of 80s metalheads.
The Mary Jane Adventures.
The Master singing Bad Case of Loving You.
The Master, baiting the Doctor into a trap
The Silence
The big banana in your pocket.
The buzzing noise the Sonic Screwdriver makes
The fuck machine dungeon of the Cybermen.
The hideousness that is Raxacoricofallapatorious.
The poor costume decisions that were the 1970s.
The poor decision that is having a staring contest with a weeping angel.
Tom Baker, in nothing but a scarf
Walking in on Jack Harkness doing your mom. And your dad.
Wanting to punch that teeny-bopper Whovian that's butthurt the new Doctor isn't in his twenties.
Wishing you could regenerate.
Your dyslexic friend that wants you to come watch a marathon of Doctor How.
