'Winter is Coming'.
Appointed as Hand of the King.
Arya Stark.
Asking a teenage girl if she's 'bled yet'.
Beheaded on the steps of the Sept of Baelor.
Beheading a man for having no honor.
Being forced to marry an abusive king.
Beyond the Wall.
Born a bastard.
Bran Stark.
Breastfeeding your creepy son until he's 9 years old.
Brought home a new baby bastard for your wife to hate.
Built a 700 foot high wall to keep out bad things.
Butchered by White Walkers and arranged in an artful pattern.
Carried by Hodor.
Catelyn Stark, Lady of Winterfell.
Cersei Lannister, the Queen.
Changed things from the book, infuriating fans.
Climbed the wrong wall at the wrong time.
Conquering the continent with dragons.
Cutting off your enemies' heads and mounting them on spikes.
Danerys Targaryen, Khaleesi of the Dothraki.
Direwolves.
Dragons.
Explaining complicated plot with lots of naked women around.
Fondled by your brother on your wedding day.
Found enough wolf cubs for all the children.
George R. R. Martin.
Gratuitous nudity, the way only HBO can provide.
HODOR!!
Having a giant wolf for a pet.
Hodor.
Hodoring.
House Lannister.
House Stark.
House Targaryen.
Incest, hot twin on twin action.
Increased ratings with the use of gratuitous nudity.
Jaime Lannister, 'The Kingslayer'.
Joffrey Baratheon, the Prince.
Joining the Night's Watch.
Jon Snow, the bastard.
Khal Drogo, Dothraki horse lord.
Killed by a member of the Kingsguard.
King Robert Baratheon, First of His Name, King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord Protector of the Realm.
Kings's Landing.
Learning the prince is a bastard and the product of incest.
Lord Varys, the Spider.
Making millions of fans cry by killing off beloved characters.
Making your husband love you through cunning use of reverse cowgirl.
Ned Stark, Lord of Winterfell, Warden of the North.
Negotiated a wedding no one will like.
Peter 'Littlefinger' Baelish.
Pissed off of the Wall just because.
Raising your husband's bastard son as your own.
Riding off to join your best friend's rebellion.
Robb Stark, heir apparent of Winterfell.
Rode a dragon, like a boss.
Ros, the red-headed whore.
Running a whorehouse, which is better than owning ships.
Sansa Stark, betrothed to Prince Joffrey.
Seized the Iron Throne by any means necessary.
Selling your sister to Dothraki nomads.
Slapping Joffrey. Repeatedly.
Spent an entire reign chasing boars and fucking whores.
Started a pointless vendetta with another House.
Swore an oath to the old gods and the new.
The Iron Throne.
The Night's Watch.
The North.
The Seven Kingdoms.
The Wall.
The old gods and the new.
Theon Greyjoy, Ned Stark's youthful ward.
Throwing a boy out of a window to cover up incest.
Trusting Littlefinger.
Tyrion Lannister, 'The Imp'.
Westeros.
White Walkers.
Winterfell.
